Update README.md (#36)
kkomelin/nextjs-loader: README.md

NEXT_PUBLIC_UPLOADCARE_CUSTOM_PROXY_DOMAIN="proxy.example.com"
```

> If you're using a proxy, provide your application's base URL (alsowhitelisted), which is required to process local images properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a proxy, provide your application's base URL (also whitelisted), which is required to process local images properly:
```
